Adding prometheus \ metrics guidance per issue #23 (#39)
jenkinsci/helm-charts: charts/jenkins/README.md

      enabled: true       # was false
```

## Prometheus Metrics

> If you have implemented Prometheus Operator, set `master.prometheus.enabled` to `true` to enable Prometheus metrics.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you want to expose Prometheus metrics you need to install the [Jenkins Prometheus Metrics Plugin](https://github.com/jenkinsci/prometheus-plugin).
It will expose an endpoint (default `/prometheus`) with metrics where a Prometheus Server can scrape.

If you have implemented [Prometheus Operator](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator), you can set `master.prometheus.enabled` to `true` to configure a `ServiceMonitor` and `PrometheusRule`.
If you want to further adjust alerting rules you can do so by configuring `master.prometheus.alertingrules`

```

> If you have implemented Prometheus without using the operator, you can add just the `/prometheus` metrics endpoint by 
> installing the Jenkins Prometheus Metrics Plugin and leave `master.prometheus.enabled` set to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have implemented Prometheus without using the operator, you can leave `master.prometheus.enabled` set to `false`.
```
